[DF-300] Updating README (#20)
quintoandar/hive-metastore-client: README.md

|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ![Test](https://github.com/quintoandar/hive-metastore-client/workflows/Test/badge.svg) | ![Publish](https://github.com/quintoandar/hive-metastore-client/workflows/Publish/badge.svg) | [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/hive-metastore-client/badge/?version=latest)](https://hive-metastore-client.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest) | [![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=quintoandar_hive_metastore_client&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=quintoandar_hive_metastore_client) |

This library supports Python version 3.7+.

> To check library main features you can check [Hive Metastore Client's Documentation](https://hive-metastore-client.readthedocs.io/en/latest/home.html), which is hosted by Read the Docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check library main features you can check [Hive Metastore Client's Documentation](https://hive-metastore-client.readthedocs.io/en/latest/), which is hosted by Read the Docs.
```

An example of how to use the library for running DML commands in hive metastore:

> ```
> from hive_metastore_client.builders.database_builder import DatabaseBuilder
> from hive_metastore_client.hive_mestastore_client import HiveMetastoreClient
> 
> database = DatabaseBuilder(name='new_db').build()
> with HiveMetastoreClient(HIVE_HOST, HIVE_PORT) as hive_metastore_client:
>     hive_metastore_client.create_database(database) 
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
from hive_metastore_client.builders.database_builder import DatabaseBuilder
from hive_metastore_client.hive_mestastore_client import HiveMetastoreClient

database = DatabaseBuilder(name='new_db').build()
with HiveMetastoreClient(HIVE_HOST, HIVE_PORT) as hive_metastore_client:
    hive_metastore_client.create_database(database) 
```
```

| ![Test](https://github.com/quintoandar/hive-metastore-client/workflows/Test/badge.svg) | ![Publish](https://github.com/quintoandar/hive-metastore-client/workflows/Publish/badge.svg) | [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/hive-metastore-client/badge/?version=latest)](https://hive-metastore-client.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest) | [![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=quintoandar_hive_metastore_client&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=quintoandar_hive_metastore_client) |

This library supports Python version 3.7+.

To check library main features you can check [Hive Metastore Client's Documentation](https://hive-metastore-client.readthedocs.io/en/latest/home.html), which is hosted by Read the Docs.

> An example on how to use the library could be adding a new database in hive metastore:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of how to use the library for running DML commands in hive metastore:
```
